c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.dll.config
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.pdb
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\obj\Debug\ServiceProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\obj\Debug\ServiceProject.dll
c:\users\hjalt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProject\ServiceProject\obj\Debug\ServiceProject.pdb
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.dll.config
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\ServiceProject.pdb
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\obj\Debug\ServiceProject.dll
C:\Users\hjalt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Test\ServiceProject\obj\Debug\ServiceProject.pdb
